script/README.md, before:

bash scripts to wrap around common tasks.
The contents of this directory are inspired by GitHub's [scripts-to-rule-them-all](https://github.com/github/scripts-to-rule-them-all).

These scripts have been written to be invoked inside the vagrant machine host OS environment. The instructions to prepare the vagrant host OS environment are:
```shell
CONFIG_FILE=./home.conf    # Sets home.conf as the config file.
# go to top-level project directory
vagrant up      # launches a new VM and install dependencies;
                # requires to download a vagrant box of 275MB and dependencies of 140MB
vagrant ssh
cd $HOME
bash script/bootstrap
source ~/.bashrc
```


The correct order for invocation of the scripts is:    
```shell
CONFIG_FILE=./home.conf 	#Sets home.conf as config file

cd $HOME
bash script/setup     #download project dependencies
bash script/test      #run tests on the project
bash script/update    #pull from github repository and run setup, test tasks
bash script/server    #launch a server to answer queries
```

Commit message:

load_conf appends home vars to .bashrc

script/README.md, after:

bash scripts to wrap around common tasks.
The contents of this directory are inspired by GitHub's [scripts-to-rule-them-all](https://github.com/github/scripts-to-rule-them-all).

These scripts have been written to be invoked inside the vagrant machine host OS environment. Enter values for TS_HOME and ASDF_HOME in TransportScheduler/script/home.conf. Starting in the home folder of the project, the instructions to prepare the vagrant host OS environment are:
```shell
# go to top-level project directory
vagrant up     		# launches a new VM and install dependencies;
                	# requires to download a vagrant box of 275MB and dependencies of 140MB
vagrant ssh
bash script/load_conf
bash script/bootstrap	
source ~/.bashrc
```


The correct order for invocation of the scripts is:    
```shell
cd $TS_HOME
bash script/setup     #download project dependencies
bash script/test      #run tests on the project
bash script/update    #pull from github repository and run setup, test tasks
bash script/server    #launch a server to answer queries
```
